Psalm 96 Oh sing to the Lord a new song
Psalm 96 Oh sing to the Lord a new song sing to the Lord all the earth sing to
sing to the Lord all the earth sing to
sing to the Lord all the earth sing to the Lord bless His name proclaim the
the Lord bless His name proclaim the
the Lord bless His name proclaim the good news of his salvation from day to
good news of his salvation from day to
good news of his salvation from day to day declare his glory among the nations
day declare his glory among the nations
day declare his glory among the nations his wonders among all peoples for the
his wonders among all peoples for the
his wonders among all peoples for the Lord is great and greatly to be praised
Lord is great and greatly to be praised
Lord is great and greatly to be praised he is to be feared above all gods for
he is to be feared above all gods for
he is to be feared above all gods for all the gods of the peoples are idols
all the gods of the peoples are idols
all the gods of the peoples are idols but the Lord made the heavens honor and
but the Lord made the heavens honor and
but the Lord made the heavens honor and Majesty are before him strength and
Majesty are before him strength and
Majesty are before him strength and beauty are in his sanctuary give to the
beauty are in his sanctuary give to the
beauty are in his sanctuary give to the Lord of families of the peoples give to
Lord of families of the peoples give to
Lord of families of the peoples give to the Lord glory and strength give to the
the Lord glory and strength give to the
the Lord glory and strength give to the Lord the glory due his name bring an
Lord the glory due his name bring an
Lord the glory due his name bring an offering and come into his courts a
offering and come into his courts a
offering and come into his courts a worship the Lord in the beauty of
worship the Lord in the beauty of
worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness trembled before him all the
holiness trembled before him all the
holiness trembled before him all the earth say among the nation's the Lord
earth say among the nation's the Lord
earth say among the nation's the Lord reigns the world also is firmly
reigns the world also is firmly
reigns the world also is firmly established it shall not be moved he
established it shall not be moved he
established it shall not be moved he shall judge the peoples righteously let
shall judge the peoples righteously let
shall judge the peoples righteously let the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be
the heavens rejoice and let the earth be glad let the sea roar and all its
glad let the sea roar and all its
glad let the sea roar and all its fullness
fullness
fullness let the field be joyful and all that is
let the field be joyful and all that is
let the field be joyful and all that is in it then all the trees of the woods
in it then all the trees of the woods
in it then all the trees of the woods will rejoice before the Lord
will rejoice before the Lord
will rejoice before the Lord but he is coming he is coming to judge
but he is coming he is coming to judge
but he is coming he is coming to judge the earth he shall judge the world with
the earth he shall judge the world with
the earth he shall judge the world with righteousness and the people's with his
righteousness and the people's with his
righteousness and the people's with his truth